This animation is intended to depict vehicles in motion on/near an airport runway. 
This would be the aircraft and ground vehicles in the scene.

Classes:

  - Plane (Anneris): a plane object that moves forward a given distance then 
                     lifts up until offscreen. The plane graphic is a downloaded
                     .obj file.

  - LandingGear (Anneris): a sub-class of plane. This is a set of wheels attached
                           to the parent plane that lift up into the plane as the
                           objects go up in the air.
                           
  - Road (Cody):  created a 2D plane with the Road class that created a circular road with
                  a green pasture in the middles, using simple 2D shapes since having a 3D plane
                  to drive on would be harder to implement.
                  
  - Forklift (Cody): In the Forklift class, I imported a forklift using a .obj file. I rotated it
                      along the X and Y axis to get the forklift to face the direction I wanted it 
                      to (which is facing down when looking at it from the default camera view). 
                      Then I colored it yellow and used non-linear motion to get the forklift to rotate 
                      and move along the road as a realistic forklift would do.
  - Box (Cody): In the Box class, I created a red box (so it can be seen easily) that sits on the 
                forklifts arms and moves along with the forklift. It is also rotationg because it 
                has "special" magnetic properties to make the box rotate on its Y axis. The bigggest
                challenge that I came across was getting the box to be positioned in front of the forklift on 
                its arms. Whenever I changed the boxes position, it also changed the center of 
                rotation as well. So as a get around of this obstacle, I used a timer that lets
                the box start its animation first then the forklift appears behind the box to give the 
                illusion that it is carrying it.

  - Vehicle (Abdullah): The Vehicle class is a simple framework for moving around anything really,
			with arguments for the initial position and the velocity and one simple,
			circular path function. Also has a method for setting the position and for 
			moving it with simple translations.
   



Challenges:
  - Using .obj: The .obj/.mtl files for the plane use spacing in the names. This
                could not be changed as the instructions in the .mtl files require
                the exact name given by the author. Therefore, it seems that the
                landing gear .obj file won't load on Windows computers but will on
                Macs. So far, this issue has not been solved.
