This animation displays some cars driving along a road with foliage and birds in the background.


Abdullah: I implemented the Vehicle superclass, the Sedan subclass, and a related class called Wheel. Vehicle has a body
	  PShape attribute that holds all the other shapes that actually form the body of a vehicle. This would include
	  the form of the Sedan vehicle type specifically and the wheels. Individual Vehicles can have
	  differing positions and speeds. Sedans also have a color. Wheels have their own position and rotation speed.
	  The Vehicle class has the move and display methods as those would be necessary for any vehicle. 
	  The Wheel class also rotates on its own. A Sedan object is a Vehicle that moves and has two Wheels that 
	  rotate independent of the movement of the overall vehicle, demonstrating composition, inheritance, and a 
	  scene hierarchy for the vehicles in the animation. I also did the simple rotating Sun class.

	  The animation for the vehicles are just two cars driving on opposite sides of the road. One car suddenly
	  brakes for a second before starting back again and going off screen just before the other car does.


Anneris: Created the Bush class, of which each instance holds two flowers from the Flower class. The bushes are meant to
         sway back and forth continuously, and the flowers move along with the bush and rotate at the same time. These
         movements are meant to simulate wind.

         For each Bush instance, the location, bush color, flower color, and move speed can be customized.

         Challenges:
         Previously, it was reported that a Crossguard class would be made instead of Bush. The decision to change objects was
         caused by a difficulty in finding a "natural" way of animating a cross-guard in a continuous manner.

         There was an error that kept popping up whenever I attempted to add the objects as PShapes into a class, so I drew them
         as simple objects rather than PShapes for the animation to display.
	 
Cody: I have created a Bee class, that creates two little bees that fly across the screen in a zig zag pattern. The wings are the second element of the class that rotate independently from the rest of the body, creating the illusion it is flying. Both the bee and wings use the same x and y coordinates to move seamlessly. The bee is yellow and black, and the wings are white.
