This project is meant to simulate an ecosystem with moving predators and prey.

Included Classes:

   (All members)
 - Ecosystem: Manages the interactions between Hawks, Birds, and Bees.

   (Anneris)
 - Bird: a Boid-like object that moves based off attractive and repulsive "forces"
         within the canvas. Each bird flocks toward other nearby Birds, avoids Hawks,
         and seeks out Bees. Birds can die if eaten by Hawks, or reproduce if they eat
         bees. Birds are displayed as black ellipses with yellow beaks, and face the
         direction that they are traveling.

         Birds are not exactly Boids, as they do not function using a heading. Instead,
         they change thei velocity parameters based off the postition of other objects
         in relation to them.

   (Anneris)
 - Flock: Manages the movements and interactions between all Birds.

 
   (Abdullah)
 - Hawk: A Boid-like object that roughly simulates how a group of Hawks might behave
         while they mutually attempt to hunt a flock of birds. Each hawk is attracted
         to every bird, with each birds weighting being determined by its proximity.
	 Closer birds are weighted higher, and farther birds are included so as to 
	 move towards all the birds as a whole. Hawks also don't want their prey to
	 be poached by another hawk, so they avoid each other. Hawks have got to eat
	 and compete so avoiding a nearby hawks is weighted less in their movement than
	 a nearby bird.

	 I use an approach which is essentially a many body problem where I find the 
	 vector between each hawk/bird pair and hawk/hawk pair and use an inverse 
	 square relation to weight their importance in where the hawk will accelerate 
	 towards.
	
   (Cody)
- Bee: A Boid-like object that simulates a group of bees that act more like birds, but in
	this context it is meant to show the interactions between particles (animals). The bees
	try to stay together as much as possible, but also avoid colliding into each other. The 
	bees are guided by two forces, flocking and avoiding predators. Flocking consists of 
	three smaller forces of seperation, direction, and cohesion. Meaning they stay 
	seperate of one another, head in similar directions, and also stay relatively close to 
	each other. I took inspiration from processing.org examples of particle systems.
	
	
  - FlockBee: In this class, I created an ArrayList of bees to treat all the bees as a 
  	    cohesive list. This also has the run() method which displays and updates the bees
	    simultaneously.
	
	
	
