Each program, it's description, and the group member
who worked on it written below.

1. extract_words.py
    Group Member: Anneris Rodriguez
    
    Description: This program reads in greatGatsby.txt
                 and writes the three text files
                 necessary to run the other programs.
    
    Features: Makes use of the logging library to ensure 
              that the paths to each text file are not
              broken or already exist.

              Use of docstrings and typehints to help
              readability of the code.

              Automatically places uniquewords.txt and 
              wordfrequency.txt into the respective data 
              folder associated with the Processing file 
              that will be using it.


2. a3_novelvisualization.pde
    Group Member: Abdullah Hossain

    Description: This program generates a word cloud
		 in the Processing canvas.

    Features: Successively draws words with one of
	      three colors picked randomly, making
	      sure that words do not get cut off.
	      Clicking the canvas generates a new
	      set of words and stars.

	      Color choices: The blue color is used
	      in the cover of the book, actually a
	      painting named "Celestial Eyes" by 
	      Francis Cugat. Yellow is chosen as it
	      is the color of his car and gold, a symbol
	      of his newfound wealth. Green is used due 
	      to the importance of the green light to
	      Gatsby, reminding him to keep moving.

	      The font is called Imprint MT Shadow.
	      It looks like it has a shadow, giving it
	      an almost 3D effect as well, as well as
	      looking fancier overall. Font size is 35,
	      which I believe to be a good compromise
	      between readability and word count.

	      There are stars randomly drawn against
	      a black background alluding to the
	      frequent and extravagant parties hosted
	      by Gatsby. Originally I wanted to
	      include fireworks, but they did not look
	      too great.

3. a3_wordfrequency.pde
    Group Member: Cody Hayes

    Description: This program generates a visual 
    		 representation of word freqeuencies of the 
		 words found in the Great Gatsby.

    Features: In this program, the entries of 
    	      the wordfrequency.txt file are transformed 
	      into an IntDict and the keys are transformed 
	      into an Int array. Using a mathematical formula, 
	      the entries are used as points on a scatter point graph using the Circle primitive. 
    	      Text translation and rotataion were used to label the y-axis of the graph.
	      
	      The maximum of the x-axis is 2572 and the y-axis is 3650. Using a sketch
	      size of 2572x3650 is not feasible, so the points are scaled to fit in an 
              approximately 1600x1000 grid by scaling/translating the x coordinates and 
	      scaling/translating the y coordinates to exclude the smallest frequency
	      and the largest frequency to increase the clarity.
	      
	      The hardest part of this section was scaling the y coordinates to fit a normal left 
	      hand graph(origin is bottom left, up and right are positive in the y and x planes,
	      respectively) from processing's normal coordinate system, (0,0) is the top left most
	      pixel and down is postive in the y axis.
	      
	      

                           
